Annex B 

July 15, 2026 

Special Committee of the Board of Directors 

Distribution
Solutions Group, Inc. 

301 Commerce Street, Suite 1700 

Fort
Worth, Texas 76102 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

You have
requested our opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the Disinterested Stockholders, other than the holders of Excluded Shares, of the Merger Consideration (as defined below) to be received by such stockholders pursuant to
the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 15, 2026 (the “
Merger Agreement
”), by and among Eclipse Parent Acquisitions, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“
Parent
”), Eclipse Intermediate
Acquisitions, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent (“
Intermediate
”), Eclipse Acquisitions Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned Subsidiary of Intermediate
(“
Merger Sub
”), and Distribution Solutions Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “
Company
”). 

For purposes of
this opinion, (a) the “
Merger
” shall mean the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company, with the Company surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Intermediate and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, pursuant
to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement; and (b) the “
Merger Consideration
” shall mean $35.00 in cash per share of Company Common Stock, without interest, to be received pursuant to the Merger Agreement
(other than in respect of Excluded Shares). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement. 

In connection with our review of the proposed Merger and the preparation of our opinion herein, we have examined: (a) the draft Merger Agreement, dated
as of July 15, 2026, and we have assumed that the final form of the Merger Agreement will not differ from such draft in any material respect; (b) the audited historical financial statements of the Company included in its filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “
SEC
”) as of and for the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025, in each case included in the Company’s Annual Report on
Form 
10-K
 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025; (c) the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company included in its filings with the SEC as of and for the three months ended March
31, 2026, included in the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 
10-Q
 for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2026; (d) certain internal business, operating and financial information and forecasts of the
Company for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2026 through December 31, 2030, prepared by the senior management of the Company (the “
Forecasts
”); (e) information regarding publicly available financial terms of certain
other transactions we deemed relevant; (f) information regarding certain publicly traded companies we deemed relevant; (h) the current and historical market prices and trading volumes of the Company Common Stock; and (h) certain other
publicly available information on the Company. We have also held discussions with members of the senior management of the Company to discuss the foregoing, have considered other matters which we have deemed relevant to our analysis and have

B-1 

-----PAGE-----

Table of Contents

taken into account such accepted financial and investment banking procedures and considerations as we have deemed relevant. We have neither been requested to approach, nor held any discussions
with, third parties to solicit indications of interest in a possible acquisition of the Company in connection with our engagement. 

In rendering our
opinion, we have assumed and relied, without independent verification, and with the Company’s consent, upon the accuracy and completeness of all the financial, legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and other information provided to, examined by,
or otherwise reviewed or discussed with us for purposes of this opinion, including without limitation the Forecasts and we assume no responsibility or liability therefor. We have not made or obtained an independent valuation or appraisal of the
assets, liabilities or solvency of the Company. We have been advised by the senior management of the Company that the Forecasts examined by us have been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of
the senior management of the Company. In that regard, we have assumed, with your consent, that (i) the Forecasts will be achieved in the amounts and at the times contemplated thereby and (ii) all material assets and liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) of the Company are as set forth in the financial statements or other information made available to us. 

We express no opinion with respect
to (a) the Forecasts, or the estimates and judgments on which they are based, (b) any debt financing incurred in connection with the Merger or (c) any equity financing provided in connection with the Merger or the terms thereof. We
did not consider and express no opinion as to the amount or nature of the compensation to any of the Company’s officers, directors or employees (or any class of such persons) relative to the compensation to the Company. We were not asked to
consider, and our opinion does not address, the relative merits of the Merger as compared to any alternative business strategies that might exist for the Company or the effect of any other transaction in which the Company might engage. Our opinion
herein is based upon economic, market, financial and other conditions existing on, and other information disclosed to us as of, the date of this letter. It should be understood that, although subsequent developments may affect this opinion, we do
not have any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm this opinion. We have not made any determination as to any legal matters related to the Merger, and have assumed that the Merger will be consummated on the terms described in the Merger
Agreement, without any amendment or waiver of any material terms or conditions. We do not express any opinion as to any tax or other consequences that might result from the Merger, nor does our opinion address any legal, tax, regulatory or
accounting matters, as to which we understand that the Company has obtained such advice as it deemed necessary from qualified professionals. We express no view or opinion as to any terms or other aspects or implications of the Merger (other than the
Merger Consideration to the extent expressly specified herein), including, without limitation, the form or structure of the Merger or any agreements or other arrangements entered into in connection with, or contemplated by, the Merger. 

William Blair & Company has been engaged in the investment banking business since 1935. We continually undertake the valuation of investment
securities in connection with public offerings, private placements, business combinations and similar transactions. 

We are familiar with the Company, and
we have acted as an investment banker to the Company in connection with the Merger and will receive a fee from the Company for our services, a significant portion of which is contingent upon consummation of the Merger. In addition, the Company has
agreed to indemnify us against certain liabilities arising out of our engagement. 

B-2 

-----PAGE-----

Table of Contents

Our investment banking services and our opinion were provided for the use and benefit of the special
committee of the board of directors of the Company (the 
“Special Committee”) 
in connection with its consideration of the Merger. Our opinion is limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the Disinterested
Stockholders (other than the holders of Excluded Shares) of the Merger Consideration to be received by them pursuant to the Merger, and we do not address the merits of the underlying decision by the Company to engage in the Merger. It is understood
that this letter may not be reproduced, summarized, described or referred to or given to any other person for any purpose without our prior written consent. This opinion has been reviewed and approved by our Fairness Opinion Committee. 

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion as investment bankers that, as of the date hereof, the Merger Consideration to be received by the
Disinterested Stockholders (other than the holders of Excluded Shares) in connection with the transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to such stockholders. 

Very truly yours,

WILLIAM BLAIR & COMPANY, L.L.C.

B-3 

-----PAGE-----

Table of Contents
